Project Gopher Taskmaster Determination Sit-down
================================================
for December 1, 2011
--------------------

Recap
=====

Website
-------
- N8Yost, Nate D, and Xander did not meet to come up with a new design
  idea for the website
- Nate D did not look into getting mail server set up

RFID Door System
----------------
+ N8Yost did hook up a 9v wire for the door

Bigger Tool Room Planning
-------------------------
- Josh W will investigate hooking up server cables in NW Corner
+ Josh W did take responsibility as point person for moving stuff out
  of loud tool room
+ Xander did take responsibility for getting folk organized to clean
  out loud tool room

Item Borrowing
--------------
+ Nate D did retype and learn to laminate sheets for signout sheets
  and E-bench rules

Display Stuff
-------------
+ Josh W did get a big printout of our regular class things
- Chris C did not get a machine together that can run a slideshow
- Nate D and Josh W did not get together to think what should go in
  initial slideshow

Funding Stuff
--------------
- Xander did not get a letter drafted for Kaufmann Foundation
- Xander is waiting for more information from Startup Weekend about
  using the space

What's next by December 8th?
============================

Website
-------
- N8Yost, Nate D and Xander need to meet about design ideas for
website
- Nate D still needs to look into mail server

RFID Door System
----------------
- N8Yost will coordinate handing out fobs for the door.
- Nate D and N8Yost will sit down and scan in all the tag numbers
- Josh W and N8Yost will come up with a plan for the security equipment

Bigger Tool Room Planning
-------------------------
- Josh W will still investigate hooking up servers
- N8Yost will get a box to cap current F'd up conduit
- Xander will get together a 2nd-coat crew
- N8Yost will get shelves up in loud tool room
- Xander will get a survey(monkey) about which tools are good for dogfort

Item Borrowing
--------------
- Nate D needs to add another column to the sheet

Display Stuff
-------------
- Chris C will work on the gibson to hook up to slideshow
- Josh and Nate D will get slideshow together on Thu Dec 1

Funding Stuff
--------------
- Xander will get a letter drafted for Kaufmann Foundation

Space Planning
--------------
- Xander will see if directors can meet before 14th about 3-year plan

Bright Futures & Brain Monkeys
------------------------------
- Josh W will meet with with KT about cooperation
- Josh W will have a curriculum for Bright Futures
