2011-4-28/recap.md, before:

Project Gopher Taskmaster Determination Recaps
==============================================
for May 4, 2011
---------------

In preparation for our round-up tomorrow night, here's the updates I've gotten back from folk

Membership Commitment
---------------------
### Stuff that got noted
+ Xander sent out a survey to assess member commitment. We'll talk about some preliminary results on Thursday.
+ Nate got commitments from Steffen of Alibi Crew that he will be available to provide music and PA at the space June 3rd or 4th, but that we'll need to confirm May 21st.
+ Nate will be waiting for the results of Xander's survey before talking to the board, as it proposed a preliminary price option for discounted memberships.
+ Josh communicated space sharing to Ops Staff during Sunday evening, and various emails as well as with Ops Owners & Lawyers throughout last week, over the weekend, and on Monday and is waiting to hear back from the rest of the directors about finalizing Space Sharing Deal.
+ Josh even got majority of Locker room cleared out for AHA space to take over locker room, and Xander has been staying 
+ Jon and Xander discussed options to build momentum & streamline bureaucracy.

### Haven't heard about...
+ Hurray, it appears there's nothing here anymore!


AHA's Commitment to Members
---------------------------
### Stuff that got noted
+ Hmm, it appears there's nothing here yet...
+ Josh tweeted a couple hours ago for the first time.
+ Josh has started a preliminary classes document that stress the current strengths / knowledge of AHA members so that we can have some recurring classes each month that get people involved on an introductory level (specifics to be released at meeting)

### Haven't heard about...
- Xander was supposed to figure out what's a resonable discount on parts.
- Xander was supposed to report back on the status of the Makerbot.
- Xander was supposed to see what it takes to get us a miter saw.
- Eric was supposed to find out what he needs to build a book scanner.
- Mark was supposed to contact folks who are submitting floor plans for AHA and figure out if they'll cost any money.

Advertisement
-------------
### Stuff that got noted
+ Katie found out [customized beans](http://www.littlethingsfavors.com/peplmabefa.html) cost about $70 per 100 beans with a single design on them.
+ Jon, Josh, and Xander have been [reppin'](http://twitter.com/#!/AllHandsActive) [daily](http://www.facebook.com/pages/AHA-All-Hands-Active/300100514925) with updates about Sunday Morning Electronics, Arduino Time, and HardCore Monday (combination of AHA, Ops, and personal FB feeds)
+ Jon has configured futuretweets.com to connect to AHA twitter account so we can have regularly scheduled automatic tweets referring to our google calendar meeting events.

### Wasn't on the list but still got done!
+ Jon coordinated with Merlin & Katie to get badges done for Penguicon.
+ Jon bought & retrieved the 4 yds of red & white cloth & two rolls of ribbon for badge creation, putting it in AHA bins.
+ Jon picked up the badges created by Merlin to take to Penguicon & distribute.
+ Jon & Katie distributed badges & stickers at Penguicon.

### Haven't heard about...
- Eric was supposed to figure out a sidewalk advert he'd like to see.

Other Stuff that wasn't on the list!
------------------------------------
+ Josh communicated with Amanda about offering classes about Propane tanks
+ Josh still needs to get Mike Thorns stuff out of the locker room
+ Jon volunteered to assist Katie with HackaChef after she finished the film thing (what is that?).

Commit message:

Add reporting in from xander

2011-4-28/recap.md, after:

Project Gopher Taskmaster Determination Recaps
==============================================
for May 4, 2011
---------------

In preparation for our round-up tomorrow night, here's the updates I've gotten back from folk

Membership Commitment
---------------------
### Stuff that got noted
+ Xander sent out a survey to assess member commitment. We'll talk about some preliminary results on Thursday.
+ Nate got commitments from Steffen of Alibi Crew that he will be available to provide music and PA at the space June 3rd or 4th, but that we'll need to confirm May 21st.
+ Nate will be waiting for the results of Xander's survey before talking to the board, as it proposed a preliminary price option for discounted memberships.
+ Josh communicated space sharing to Ops Staff during Sunday evening, and various emails as well as with Ops Owners & Lawyers throughout last week, over the weekend, and on Monday and is waiting to hear back from the rest of the directors about finalizing Space Sharing Deal.
+ Josh even got majority of Locker room cleared out for AHA space to take over locker room, and Xander has been staying 
+ Jon and Xander discussed options to build momentum & streamline bureaucracy.

### Haven't heard about...
+ Hurray, it appears there's nothing here anymore!


AHA's Commitment to Members
---------------------------
### Stuff that got noted
+ Hmm, it appears there's nothing here yet...
+ Josh tweeted a couple hours ago for the first time.
+ Josh has started a preliminary classes document that stress the current strengths / knowledge of AHA members so that we can have some recurring classes each month that get people involved on an introductory level (specifics to be released at meeting)
+ Xander has the membership parts discount ready over here: http://goo.gl/V9WJn the discount covers stock and shipping costs in aggregate.
+ Xander started a mailing list for Makerbot and other fabrication-type stuff at [ahashop_fab](http://groups.google.com/group/ahashop_fab/browse_thread/thread/9ece296853fee3a4)
+ Xander talked to Big Stacky about miter saw.

### Haven't heard about...
- Eric was supposed to find out what he needs to build a book scanner.
- Mark was supposed to contact folks who are submitting floor plans for AHA and figure out if they'll cost any money.

Advertisement
-------------
### Stuff that got noted
+ Katie found out [customized beans](http://www.littlethingsfavors.com/peplmabefa.html) cost about $70 per 100 beans with a single design on them.
+ Jon, Josh, and Xander have been [reppin'](http://twitter.com/#!/AllHandsActive) [daily](http://www.facebook.com/pages/AHA-All-Hands-Active/300100514925) with updates about Sunday Morning Electronics, Arduino Time, and HardCore Monday (combination of AHA, Ops, and personal FB feeds)
+ Jon has configured futuretweets.com to connect to AHA twitter account so we can have regularly scheduled automatic tweets referring to our google calendar meeting events.

### Wasn't on the list but still got done!
+ Jon coordinated with Merlin & Katie to get badges done for Penguicon.
+ Jon bought & retrieved the 4 yds of red & white cloth & two rolls of ribbon for badge creation, putting it in AHA bins.
+ Jon picked up the badges created by Merlin to take to Penguicon & distribute.
+ Jon & Katie distributed badges & stickers at Penguicon.

### Haven't heard about...
- Eric was supposed to figure out a sidewalk advert he'd like to see.

Other Stuff that wasn't on the list!
------------------------------------
+ Josh communicated with Amanda about offering classes about Propane tanks
+ Josh still needs to get Mike Thorns stuff out of the locker room
+ Jon volunteered to assist Katie with HackaChef after she finished the film thing (what is that?).
+ Xander has begun planning a large Kickstarter for AHA, needs more eyes on it to make it better,
+ Xander has requested clarification on legal terminology in fiscal sponsorship documents from The School Factory.

Stuff to bring up on 5/5:
-------------------------
### Project reminders that need due dates
+ Xander wants to address Katie, Alex, and Oishis' finishing the IndieGoGo things.
+ Xander needs to follow up with the only insurance agency that hasn't immediately turned us away with regard to liability and D&O insurances. At last status, they were doing a risk assessment of our activities in our market vs. other markets they already cover. This is the same insurance agency that covers i3Detroit.
+ Xander needs to follow up with Joe regarding a PCB design class.
+ Xander needs to follow up with Movax regarding a hardware hacking class (waiting on finishing MCATs at the moment).

### Projects that need a person on them
+ Send in an application for AHA to be at the Ann Arbor Mini Maker Faire.
+ Find a point-person to teach soldering there (Dale Grover will provide us with many irons and some badges).
+ Get a determination on whether to apply AHA for the Shadow Art Fair.
